{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22280\viewh13980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\'97Rolls Royce \'97 \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Objective:   
\b0 market engines to airlines, militaries and ship builders\
\

\b Strategy:  
\b0 Ideas thus far\'85.\
\
\
Allen \
\
emotional\
\
\
engineers can make it better by using VR\
\
\
b2b selling\
\
\'97probably airline and rolls royce go and have a visit.   .  part of the visit is in AR/VR.\
\
\'97 in house experience\
\'97Feature of being at the factory.\
\
Learn more about Jet engines and why we make the best.   \
\
a little bit of that story\
\
not a totally necessary experience, but\
\
\
then do some research on how useful it is.\
\
These are not better than CFMs, or \
\
emotional connection is a very big deals.\
\
Wei Lui\'92s friend will be the AR Department.   have them manage it.  The cool research and the cool stuff they are doing delivered into a vr experience.  \
\
the company that builds all the major sets.  york pennsylvania.   your friend will give us a tour.     TAIT TOWERS.  they did a vr experience for NAT GEO - mars show.   pop up in the middle of the city.   they built \
\
\
ROLLS ROYCE LIMITED - started after WWI \
\'97 interesting connection to the wars.   switching over to jet engines.\
live the history of rolls royce.   \
\
a VR experience of where RR is from.   in VR.   1906. got started.   the car company. \
\
Position it as super american.   \
\
external communications department.  \
\
live the experience.  show them deep roots  .. transparency is key.  \'93
\b  focus on the break throughs. \'93\
\
\
Why are these cool? \
\
use less fuel.   plate is optimized.   see up close how it works.   Math in the air.\
\
be in the hanger for the breakthroughs.\
\
\
In the time , engines did this.  \
\
authenticating the projects by letting them be there for the moment.   \
\
buyers will be visiting.  Probably an engineer who is a little out of the tech gams.  He is going to see how the thing is built.   \
\
\
Show them what they can\'92t see.\
\
\
\
A WORLD FIRST:
\b0 \
\
\
\
\
bikini babes.   \
\
\
they go\
\'97\
\'97}